Both scripts can be launched from the command line.

1. calculate_metrics.py -> calculates level-method metrics (NLOC, Complexity, #Parameters) in changed and added files in each commit in each branch of a given repo. It requires 2 parameters in input: 
  - the path to the directory containing all the repos;
  - the list of the projects' name to be analysed, separated by a blank space.
  The output is a CSV file with the following columns: Project, Commit, File, Method, Begin--End, Parameters, #Parameters, NLOC, Complexity.
  Begin--End refers to the first and the last line of the method in the Method column; Parameters is the list of the parameters that the method requires.
  Es: python calculate_metrics.py /Users/user/Desktop/Repositories/ -p aries openjpa drill
  
  
2. get_slopes. py -> given the CSV generated by the previous script, calculates, for each method, the slopes of the 3 method-level metrics through linear regression (10 samples are needed). It requires 4 parameters in input:
  - the path to the directory containing all the repos;
  - the path to the directory containing all the CSVs generated by calculate_metrics.py;
  - the list of the projects' name to be analysed, separated by a blank space;
  - the path to the directory in which to save the output.
  The output is a CSV file with the same columns as the CSV in input and 3 more: NLOC_slopes, Complexity_slope, #Params_slope.
  Es: python get_slopes.py /Users/user/Desktop/Repositories/ -md /Users/user/Desktop/Metrics/ -p aries openjpa drill -o /Users/user/Desktop/Slopes

